Further information about AR platform support installation and update of packages versions (#8267)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/CrossPlatform/UsingARFoundation.md

    | **Android** | **iOS** | Comments |
    | --- | --- | --- |

>     | AR Foundation  <br/> Version: 1.5.0 - preview 7 | AR Foundation  <br/> Version: 1.5.0 - preview 7 | For Unity 2018.4, this package is included as a preview. To view package: Window > Package Manager > Advanced > Show Preview Packages|

Reviewer: >Version: 1.5.0 - preview 7

@CDiaz-MS @davidkline-ms I feel like I remember we had been running into issues between preview 6 and preview 7?

Reviewer 2: I remember that the preview version did have an impact on iOS testing.  

@Kent1LG  Has the AR Foundation preview 7 version been tested on both Android and iOS?

Author: Hi Kurtis and Catherine ! Thank you for this point, I didn't try IOS yet, I'm sorry. This is a matter of time, I'm gonna handle this tomorrow (French timing ahah) as soon as possible.
I keep you all in touch!

Author: Hi again, so, I just tried. Unfortunatly ArFoundation can't be use in 1.5 preview 7 versions. I tried preview 6 instead on both and this works fine.

    | ARCore XR Plugin <br/> Version: 2.1.2 | ARKit XR Plugin <br/> Version: 2.1.2 | |

    **Unity 2019.4.x**

    | **Android** | **iOS** |
    | --- | --- |
    | AR Foundation  <br/> Version: 2.1.8 |  AR Foundation  <br/> Version: 2.1.8 |
    | ARCore XR Plugin <br/> Version: 2.1.11 | ARKit XR Plugin <br/> Version: 2.1.9 |

>     **Unity 2020.1.x**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    **Unity 2020.1.x (Not currently formally supported, included for informational purposes only)**
```

    For more information about configuring the Unity AR camera settings provider: [Unity AR camera settings provider](../CameraSystem/UnityArCameraSettings.md).

> [!NOTE]

> > This installation check (when the application start) if there is the AR Foundation components on the scene, if not, they are automaticaly add to make it work with ARCore and ARKit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This installation checks (when the application starts) if the AR Foundation components are in the scene. If not, they are automatically added to make it work with ARCore and ARKit.
```

> > [!NOTE]
> >This installation check (when the application start) if there is the AR Foundation components on the scene, if not, they are automaticaly add to make it work with ARCore and ARKit.
> >If you need to set a specific behaviour, you should add the components you need by yourself. 
> >For more information about AR Foundation components ands installation, check this [documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arfoundation@2.2/manual/index.html#samples).
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> This installation check (when the application start) if there is the AR Foundation components on the scene, if not, they are automaticaly add to make it work with ARCore and ARKit.
> If you need to set a specific behaviour, you should add the components you need by yourself. 
> For more information about AR Foundation components ands installation, check this [documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arfoundation@2.2/manual/index.html#samples).

```

> > For more information about AR Foundation components ands installation, check this [documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arfoundation@2.2/manual/index.html#samples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For more information about AR Foundation components and installation, check this [documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arfoundation@2.2/manual/index.html#samples).
```
